He still wanted to use me
To take you down
I want to see
Who’s bold enough
Young Master of the Wú family, daring to take down my treasure
Darling
This is the one I told you about
Qín Fēng’s mistress
Always bullying me
You have to get justice for me
Sī Sī
Don’t worry
With me here
No one dares bully you
Hey
I suggest you wise up
And apologize to Sī Sī now
Or don’t blame me for being unkind
You talk big
Daring to make someone from the Qín family
Apologize to you
The Qín family?
Don’t think I don’t know
All of Dōng Hǎi’s elite know
Qín Fēng
Is just
The adopted son of the Qín family
You
A mistress of Qín Fēng
Dare to act high and mighty with me?
00:00:49 obiektu
Looks like
It’s time
To teach you a lesson
Cancel immediately
The fifty-billion cooperation project
With Wú Shì
Announce to all of Dōng Hǎi
Ban cooperation with Wú Shì
Time to teach
These youngsters a lesson
Just wait
Your lesson is coming